.TH "Alaris::Irc::DccUtil" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::DccUtil \- 
.PP
Utility methods needed to handle DCC requests.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static IPAddress \fBLocalHost\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the IPAddress object for the local machine. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static byte[] \fBDccBytesReceivedFormat\fP (long bytesReceived)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a signed long into an unsigned int in network byte order. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static long \fBDccBytesToLong\fP (byte[] received)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert the 4 byte current DCC position into a host order long. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBIPAddressToLong\fP (IPAddress ipAddress)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert an IP address into the network order long required by the DCC protocol. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static IPAddress \fBLongToIPAddress\fP (string networkOrder)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert the network order address received from a DCC request into an IP address. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBSpacesToUnderscores\fP (string fileName)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert the spaces in a file name to underscores. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Utility methods needed to handle DCC requests. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static byte [] Alaris.Irc.DccUtil.DccBytesReceivedFormat (long bytesReceived)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert a signed long into an unsigned int in network byte order. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbytesReceived\fP The number of bytes received as a long.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An unsigned int as a 4 byte array.
.RE
.PP

.SS "static long Alaris.Irc.DccUtil.DccBytesToLong (byte[] received)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert the 4 byte current DCC position into a host order long. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIreceived\fP The 4 byte unsigned integer.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A long
.RE
.PP

.SS "static string Alaris.Irc.DccUtil.IPAddressToLong (IPAddress ipAddress)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert an IP address into the network order long required by the DCC protocol. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIipAddress\fP A valid IP address
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The long in string form
.RE
.PP

.SS "static IPAddress Alaris.Irc.DccUtil.LocalHost ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the IPAddress object for the local machine. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An instance of IPAddress.
.RE
.PP

.SS "static IPAddress Alaris.Irc.DccUtil.LongToIPAddress (string networkOrder)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert the network order address received from a DCC request into an IP address. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInetworkOrder\fP The address long in string form.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An IpAddress object
.RE
.PP

.SS "static string Alaris.Irc.DccUtil.SpacesToUnderscores (string fileName)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert the spaces in a file name to underscores. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfileName\fP The file name.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Underscored string.
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
