.TH "Alaris::Irc::IParser" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::IParser \- 
.PP
Classes should implement this Interface in order to act as custom parsers for the raw messages received from IRC servers.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBCanParse\fP (string line)"
.br
.RI "\fIBefore a message is passed to the custom parser the \fBConnection\fP will check if the IRC message is the right kind. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBParse\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fISend the raw IRC message to this custom parser. \fIThis consumes the message and it will not be processed by the default or any other custom parsers after this one.\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Classes should implement this Interface in order to act as custom parsers for the raw messages received from IRC servers. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Alaris.Irc.IParser.CanParse (string line)"
.PP
Before a message is passed to the custom parser the \fBConnection\fP will check if the IRC message is the right kind. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIline\fP The raw message from the IRC server.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if this parser can process the message.
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Irc.IParser.Parse (string message)"
.PP
Send the raw IRC message to this custom parser. \fIThis consumes the message and it will not be processed by the default or any other custom parsers after this one.\fP \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImessage\fP The raw message from the IRC server.
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
