.TH "Alaris::Irc::Identd" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::Identd \- 
.PP
An Ident daemon is still used by some IRC networks for authentication. It is a simple service which when queried by a remote system returns a username. The server is controlled via static methods all of which are Thread safe.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBStart\fP (string userName)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBIdentd\fP server will start listening for queries in its own thread. It can be stopped by calling \fBIdentd.Stop\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBIsRunning\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if the \fBIdentd\fP server is running. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBStop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStop the \fBIdentd\fP server and close the thread. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An Ident daemon is still used by some IRC networks for authentication. It is a simple service which when queried by a remote system returns a username. The server is controlled via static methods all of which are Thread safe. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static bool Alaris.Irc.Identd.IsRunning ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Check if the \fBIdentd\fP server is running. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if it is running
.RE
.PP

.SS "static void Alaris.Irc.Identd.Start (string userName)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
The \fBIdentd\fP server will start listening for queries in its own thread. It can be stopped by calling \fBIdentd.Stop\fP. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIuserName\fP Should be the same username as the one used in the \fBConnectionArgs\fP object when establishing a connection.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIException\fP If the server has already been started.
.RE
.PP

.SS "static void Alaris.Irc.Identd.Stop ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Stop the \fBIdentd\fP server and close the thread. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
