.TH "Alaris::Irc::WhoisInfo" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::WhoisInfo \- 
.PP
The collection of information about a user returned by a Whois query. Instances of this class are created internally.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string[] \fBGetChannels\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAn array of channel names. Names may have =,@, or + prefixed to them. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP \fBUser\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA user's nick, logon, and hostname. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBRealName\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA user's real name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBServer\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe name of IRC server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBServerDescription\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIText describing the IRC server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBIdleTime\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUser's idle time in seconds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBOperator\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether the user is an operator or not. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The collection of information about a user returned by a Whois query. Instances of this class are created internally. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string [] Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.GetChannels ()"
.PP
An array of channel names. Names may have =,@, or + prefixed to them. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A string array.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "long Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.IdleTime\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
User's idle time in seconds. Seconds as a long.
.SS "bool Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.Operator\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Whether the user is an operator or not. True if the user is an IRC operator.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.RealName\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
A user's real name. A string
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.Server\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The name of IRC server. The IRC server FQDN hostname string.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.ServerDescription\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Text describing the IRC server. A string describing the IRC network this server is a member of.
.SS "\fBUserInfo\fP Alaris.Irc.WhoisInfo.User\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
A user's nick, logon, and hostname. A \fBUserInfo\fP instance.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
