.TH "Alaris::Irc::CtcpUtil" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::CtcpUtil \- 
.PP
Constants and utility methods to support CTCP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBCreateTimestamp\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGenerate a timestamp string suitable for the CTCP Ping command. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBFinger\fP = 'FINGER'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP Finger. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBUserInfo\fP = 'USERINFO'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP USERINFO. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBVersion\fP = 'VERSION'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP VERSION. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBSource\fP = 'SOURCE'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP SOURCE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBClientInfo\fP = 'CLIENTINFO'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP CLIENTINFO. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBErrorMessage\fP = 'ERRMSG'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP ERRMSG. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBPing\fP = 'PING'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP PING. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBTime\fP = 'TIME'"
.br
.RI "\fICTCP TIME. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Constants and utility methods to support CTCP. 

The CTCP constants should be used to test incoming CTCP queries for their type and as the CTCP command for outgoing ones. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static string Alaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.CreateTimestamp ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Generate a timestamp string suitable for the CTCP Ping command. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current time as a string.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.ClientInfo\fP = 'CLIENTINFO'"
.PP
CTCP CLIENTINFO. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.ErrorMessage\fP = 'ERRMSG'"
.PP
CTCP ERRMSG. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.Finger\fP = 'FINGER'"
.PP
CTCP Finger. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.Ping\fP = 'PING'"
.PP
CTCP PING. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.Source\fP = 'SOURCE'"
.PP
CTCP SOURCE. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.Time\fP = 'TIME'"
.PP
CTCP TIME. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.UserInfo\fP = 'USERINFO'"
.PP
CTCP USERINFO. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Irc.CtcpUtil.Version\fP = 'VERSION'"
.PP
CTCP VERSION. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
