.TH "Alaris::Extras::MangosRss" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Extras::MangosRss \- 
.PP
Class providing methods for working with MaNGOS rss feeds.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMangosRss\fP (ref \fBConnection\fP conn, List< string > channels)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new instance of \fBMangosRss\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStart\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStarts the timer and all of the process. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStops everything. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMangosUpdate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRuns the periodic MaNGOS RSS update. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBLatest\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe latest hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBLatestTitle\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILatest title. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class providing methods for working with MaNGOS rss feeds. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Extras.MangosRss.MangosRss (ref \fBConnection\fP conn, List< string > channels)"
.PP
Creates a new instance of \fBMangosRss\fP. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconn\fP The IRC connection. 
.br
\fIchannels\fP The channels the bot is on. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Alaris.Extras.MangosRss.MangosUpdate ()"
.PP
Runs the periodic MaNGOS RSS update. 
.SS "void Alaris.Extras.MangosRss.Start ()"
.PP
Starts the timer and all of the process. 
.SS "void Alaris.Extras.MangosRss.Stop ()"
.PP
Stops everything. 
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.Extras.MangosRss.Latest\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The latest hash. 
.SS "string Alaris.Extras.MangosRss.LatestTitle\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Latest title. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
