.TH "Alaris::Irc::Listener" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::Listener \- 
.PP
This class parses messages received from the IRC server and raises the appropriate event.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBListener\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreate an instance ready to parse incoming messages. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ReplyEventHandler \fBOnReply\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMessages that are not handled by other events and are not errors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ErrorMessageEventHandler \fBOnError\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIError messages from the IRC server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "AwayEventHandler \fBOnAway\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA \fBSender.PrivateNotice\fP or \fBSender.PrivateMessage\fP message was sent to someone who is away. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "InviteSentEventHandler \fBOnInviteSent\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn \fBSender.Invite\fP message was successfully sent to another user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "NickErrorEventHandler \fBOnNickError\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe user tried to change his nick but it failed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PingEventHandler \fBOnPing\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA server keep-alive message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "RegisteredEventHandler \fBOnRegistered\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBConnection\fP with the IRC server is open and registered. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DisconnectingEventHandler \fBOnDisconnecting\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis connection is about to be closed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DisconnectedEventHandler \fBOnDisconnected\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis connection has been closed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PublicNoticeEventHandler \fBOnPublicNotice\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA Notice type message was sent to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PrivateNoticeEventHandler \fBOnPrivateNotice\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA private Notice type message was sent to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "JoinEventHandler \fBOnJoin\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has joined a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PublicMessageEventHandler \fBOnPublic\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA public message was sent to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ActionEventHandler \fBOnAction\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn action message was sent to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PrivateActionEventHandler \fBOnPrivateAction\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA private action message was sent to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "NickEventHandler \fBOnNick\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA user changed his nickname. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PrivateMessageEventHandler \fBOnPrivate\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA private message was sent to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "TopicEventHandler \fBOnTopicChanged\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA channel's topic has changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "TopicRequestEventHandler \fBOnTopicRequest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.RequestTopic\fP command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PartEventHandler \fBOnPart\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has left a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QuitEventHandler \fBOnQuit\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has quit IRC. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "InviteEventHandler \fBOnInvite\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe user has been invited to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "KickEventHandler \fBOnKick\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has been kicked from a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "NamesEventHandler \fBOnNames\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Names\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ListEventHandler \fBOnList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.List\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "IsonEventHandler \fBOnIson\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Ison\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "WhoEventHandler \fBOnWho\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Who\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "WhoisEventHandler \fBOnWhois\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Whois\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "WhowasEventHandler \fBOnWhowas\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Whowas\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "UserModeChangeEventHandler \fBOnUserModeChange\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone's user mode has changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "UserModeRequestEventHandler \fBOnUserModeRequest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.RequestUserModes\fP command for this user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ChannelModeRequestEventHandler \fBOnChannelModeRequest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.RequestChannelModes\fP command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ChannelModeChangeEventHandler \fBOnChannelModeChange\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA channel's mode has changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ChannelListEventHandler \fBOnChannelList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIResponse to a \fBSender.RequestChannelList\fP command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VersionEventHandler \fBOnVersion\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Version\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "MotdEventHandler \fBOnMotd\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA server's 'Message of the Day'. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "TimeEventHandler \fBOnTime\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Time\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "InfoEventHandler \fBOnInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to an \fBSender.Info\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "AdminEventHandler \fBOnAdmin\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to an \fBSender.Admin\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "LusersEventHandler \fBOnLusers\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Lusers\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "LinksEventHandler \fBOnLinks\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Links\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "StatsEventHandler \fBOnStats\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Stats\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "KillEventHandler \fBOnKill\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA User has been disconnected via a Kill message. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class parses messages received from the IRC server and raises the appropriate event. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Irc.Listener.Listener ()"
.PP
Create an instance ready to parse incoming messages. 
.SH "Event Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ActionEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnAction"
.PP
An action message was sent to a channel. 
.SS "AdminEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnAdmin"
.PP
The response to an \fBSender.Admin\fP request. 
.SS "AwayEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnAway"
.PP
A \fBSender.PrivateNotice\fP or \fBSender.PrivateMessage\fP message was sent to someone who is away. 
.SS "ChannelListEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnChannelList"
.PP
Response to a \fBSender.RequestChannelList\fP command. 
.SS "ChannelModeChangeEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnChannelModeChange"
.PP
A channel's mode has changed. 
.SS "ChannelModeRequestEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnChannelModeRequest"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.RequestChannelModes\fP command. 
.SS "DisconnectedEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnDisconnected"
.PP
This connection has been closed. 
.SS "DisconnectingEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnDisconnecting"
.PP
This connection is about to be closed. 
.SS "ErrorMessageEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnError"
.PP
Error messages from the IRC server. 
.SS "InfoEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnInfo"
.PP
The response to an \fBSender.Info\fP request. 
.SS "InviteEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnInvite"
.PP
The user has been invited to a channel. 
.SS "InviteSentEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnInviteSent"
.PP
An \fBSender.Invite\fP message was successfully sent to another user. 
.SS "IsonEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnIson"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Ison\fP request. 
.SS "JoinEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnJoin"
.PP
Someone has joined a channel. 
.SS "KickEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnKick"
.PP
Someone has been kicked from a channel. 
.SS "KillEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnKill"
.PP
A User has been disconnected via a Kill message. 
.SS "LinksEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnLinks"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Links\fP request. 
.SS "ListEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnList"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.List\fP request. 
.SS "LusersEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnLusers"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Lusers\fP request. 
.SS "MotdEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnMotd"
.PP
A server's 'Message of the Day'. 
.SS "NamesEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnNames"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Names\fP request. 
.SS "NickEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnNick"
.PP
A user changed his nickname. 
.SS "NickErrorEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnNickError"
.PP
The user tried to change his nick but it failed. 
.SS "PartEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPart"
.PP
Someone has left a channel. 
.SS "PingEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPing"
.PP
A server keep-alive message. 
.SS "PrivateMessageEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPrivate"
.PP
A private message was sent to the user. 
.SS "PrivateActionEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPrivateAction"
.PP
A private action message was sent to the user. 
.SS "PrivateNoticeEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPrivateNotice"
.PP
A private Notice type message was sent to the user. 
.SS "PublicMessageEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPublic"
.PP
A public message was sent to a channel. 
.SS "PublicNoticeEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnPublicNotice"
.PP
A Notice type message was sent to a channel. 
.SS "QuitEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnQuit"
.PP
Someone has quit IRC. 
.SS "RegisteredEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnRegistered"
.PP
\fBConnection\fP with the IRC server is open and registered. 
.SS "ReplyEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnReply"
.PP
Messages that are not handled by other events and are not errors. 
.SS "StatsEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnStats"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Stats\fP request. 
.SS "TimeEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnTime"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Time\fP request. 
.SS "TopicEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnTopicChanged"
.PP
A channel's topic has changed. 
.SS "TopicRequestEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnTopicRequest"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.RequestTopic\fP command. 
.SS "UserModeChangeEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnUserModeChange"
.PP
Someone's user mode has changed. 
.SS "UserModeRequestEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnUserModeRequest"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.RequestUserModes\fP command for this user. 
.SS "VersionEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnVersion"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Version\fP request. 
.SS "WhoEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnWho"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Who\fP request. 
.SS "WhoisEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnWhois"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Whois\fP request. 
.SS "WhowasEventHandler Alaris.Irc.Listener.OnWhowas"
.PP
The response to a \fBSender.Whowas\fP request. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
