.TH "Alaris::Extras::Utilities" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Extras::Utilities \- 
.PP
Class providing useful methods for handling different things.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBSendSysStats\fP (ref \fBConnection\fP connection, string chan)"
.br
.RI "\fISends system stats using the specified connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBSendInfo\fP (ref \fBConnection\fP connection, string chan)"
.br
.RI "\fISends info using the specified connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBIsAdmin\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP user)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermines whether the specified user is admin or not. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBMD5File\fP (string fileName)"
.br
.RI "\fICalculates the MD5 sum of a file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBMD5String\fP (string Value)"
.br
.RI "\fICalculates the MD5 hash of a string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBGetBotVersion\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the bot's assembly version. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static List< string > \fBGetUrls\fP (string text)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the URLs in the specified text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBHandleWebTitle\fP (ref \fBConnection\fP connection, string chan, string msg)"
.br
.RI "\fIHandles the web title command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBGetCpuId\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the cpu brand string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBAdminUser\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe admin user's username. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBAdminNick\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe admin user's nick. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static string \fBAdminHost\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe admin user's hostname. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class providing useful methods for handling different things. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.GetBotVersion ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns the bot's assembly version. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The version. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.GetCpuId ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Gets the cpu brand string. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The CPU brand string. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static List<string> Alaris.Extras.Utilities.GetUrls (string text)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Gets the URLs in the specified text. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP The text to search in. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The list of urls. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static void Alaris.Extras.Utilities.HandleWebTitle (ref \fBConnection\fP connection, string chan, string msg)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Handles the web title command. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconnection\fP The IRC connection used. 
.br
\fIchan\fP The channel to send title to. 
.br
\fImsg\fP The message containing the url. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static bool Alaris.Extras.Utilities.IsAdmin (\fBUserInfo\fP user)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Determines whether the specified user is admin or not. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIuser\fP The user to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if admin, otherwise false. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.MD5File (string fileName)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Calculates the MD5 sum of a file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfileName\fP The file to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The MD5 hash. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.MD5String (string Value)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Calculates the MD5 hash of a string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIValue\fP The string to calculate MD5 hash of. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The MD5 hash. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static void Alaris.Extras.Utilities.SendInfo (ref \fBConnection\fP connection, string chan)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Sends info using the specified connection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconnection\fP The IRC connection. 
.br
\fIchan\fP The channel to send to. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static void Alaris.Extras.Utilities.SendSysStats (ref \fBConnection\fP connection, string chan)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Sends system stats using the specified connection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconnection\fP The IRC connection. 
.br
\fIchan\fP The channel to send to. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.AdminHost\fC [static, get, set]\fP"
.PP
The admin user's hostname. 
.SS "string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.AdminNick\fC [static, get, set]\fP"
.PP
The admin user's nick. 
.SS "string Alaris.Extras.Utilities.AdminUser\fC [static, get, set]\fP"
.PP
The admin user's username. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
