.TH "Alaris::Irc::ChannelModeInfo" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::ChannelModeInfo \- 
.PP
A simple struct designed to hold al the attributes that are contain in a Channel mode.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override string \fBToString\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModeAction\fP \fBAction\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether the mode is being added or removed. In the case of a Channel mode request this will always be 'added'. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBChannelMode\fP \fBMode\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhat mode is being added or removed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBParameter\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAny additional parameters that belong to the mode. For example user masks or a maximum numbers of user allowed in a channel. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A simple struct designed to hold al the attributes that are contain in a Channel mode. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override string Alaris.Irc.ChannelModeInfo.ToString ()"
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBModeAction\fP Alaris.Irc.ChannelModeInfo.Action\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
Whether the mode is being added or removed. In the case of a Channel mode request this will always be 'added'. 
.SS "\fBChannelMode\fP Alaris.Irc.ChannelModeInfo.Mode\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
What mode is being added or removed. 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ChannelModeInfo.Parameter\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
Any additional parameters that belong to the mode. For example user masks or a maximum numbers of user allowed in a channel. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
