.TH "Alaris::Irc::CtcpResponder" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::CtcpResponder \- 
.PP
A class which automatically responds to CTCP queries. The replies it sends are configurable by the client.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCtcpResponder\fP (\fBConnection\fP connection)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate an instance and register handlers for CTCP events. The Connection's CtcpEnable property must be set to true or the connection will not send CTCP events to this responder. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBResponseDelay\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHow long the responder should wait before replying to a query. Queries coming before this time has passed will be droppped. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBFingerResponse\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFinger responses normally consist of a message and the idle time. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBUserInfoResponse\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA message about the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBVersionResponse\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe version of the client software. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBClientInfoResponse\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITell others what CTCP commands this client supports. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBSourceResponse\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhere to get this client. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class which automatically responds to CTCP queries. The replies it sends are configurable by the client. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.CtcpResponder (\fBConnection\fP connection)"
.PP
Create an instance and register handlers for CTCP events. The Connection's CtcpEnable property must be set to true or the connection will not send CTCP events to this responder. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconnection\fP The containing connection.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.ClientInfoResponse\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
Tell others what CTCP commands this client supports. By default it sends a list of all the CTCP commands.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.FingerResponse\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
Finger responses normally consist of a message and the idle time. The Idle time will be automatically appended to the finger response. This default to the \fBUserInfo\fP message.
.SS "double Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.ResponseDelay\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
How long the responder should wait before replying to a query. Queries coming before this time has passed will be droppped. The delay in milliseconds. The default is 2000 (2 seconds).
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.SourceResponse\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
Where to get this client. This can be a complex set of FTP instructions or just a URL to the client's homepage.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.UserInfoResponse\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
A message about the user. Any string which does not exceed the IRC max length. This defaults to 'Thresher Auto-Responder'.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.CtcpResponder.VersionResponse\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The version of the client software. This defaults to 'Thresher IRC library 1.0'.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
