.TH "Alaris::Irc::DccChatSession" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::DccChatSession \- 
.PP
Establish a DCC Chat connection with a remote user.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSendMessage\fP (string text)"
.br
.RI "\fISend a line of text to the remote user. There is no fixed limit to message size but they should not be too long. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBClose\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClose the chat session. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "override string \fBToString\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISummary information about this session. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBDccChatSession\fP \fBAccept\fP (\fBDccUserInfo\fP dccUserInfo)"
.br
.RI "\fIWhen another a remote user has sent a chat request, this method is called to accept the request and start a chat session with that user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBDccChatSession\fP \fBRequest\fP (\fBDccUserInfo\fP dccUserInfo, string listenIPAddress, int listenPort)"
.br
.RI "\fISend a DCC Chat request to a remote user and use the default timeout period of 30 seconds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBDccChatSession\fP \fBRequest\fP (\fBDccUserInfo\fP dccUserInfo, string listenIPAddress, int listenPort, long timeout)"
.br
.RI "\fISend a DCC Chat request to a remote user and wait for a connection using timeout period specified. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBConnected\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA read-only property indicating whether this session is currently connected to another user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDccUserInfo\fP \fBClientInfo\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIinformation about the remote user. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ChatRequestTimeoutEventHandler \fBOnChatRequestTimeout\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe remote user did not respond to a Chat request within the timeout period. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ChatSessionOpenedEventHandler \fBOnChatSessionOpened\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA chat session has been opened. This is called when a session has been opened regardless of who initiated the session. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ChatSessionClosedEventHandler \fBOnChatSessionClosed\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe chat session has been closed by either participant. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ChatMessageReceivedEventHandler \fBOnChatMessageReceived\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIText from the remote user was received. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Establish a DCC Chat connection with a remote user. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static \fBDccChatSession\fP Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.Accept (\fBDccUserInfo\fP dccUserInfo)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
When another a remote user has sent a chat request, this method is called to accept the request and start a chat session with that user. This method should be called from within a try/catch block because there are many things that could prevent this connection attempt from succeeding.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdccUserInfo\fP A collection of information about the remote user.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBDccChatSession\fP instance for this session.
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.Close ()"
.PP
Close the chat session. 
.SS "static \fBDccChatSession\fP Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.Request (\fBDccUserInfo\fP dccUserInfo, string listenIPAddress, int listenPort, long timeout)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Send a DCC Chat request to a remote user and wait for a connection using timeout period specified. If the user does not respond within the timeout period the \fBDccChatSession\fP will stop listening for a connection. The sesssion instance created then becomes invalid. This methods must be called again and a new instance created in order to initiate a try again. 
.PP
This method should be called from within a try/catch block in case there are socket errors. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdccUserInfo\fP A collection of information about the remote user.
.br
\fIlistenIPAddress\fP The IP address that will be sent to the remote user. It must be in dotted quad format (i.e. 192.168.0.2). If the client is behind a NAT system then this should be the address of that system and not the local host.
.br
\fIlistenPort\fP The TCP/IP port to listen on
.br
\fItimeout\fP How long to wait for a response in milliseconds. A value of zero will disable the timeout.
.RE
.PP

.SS "static \fBDccChatSession\fP Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.Request (\fBDccUserInfo\fP dccUserInfo, string listenIPAddress, int listenPort)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Send a DCC Chat request to a remote user and use the default timeout period of 30 seconds. If the user does not respond within the timeout period the \fBDccChatSession\fP will stop listening for a connection. The sesssion instance created then becomes invalid. This methods must be called again and a new instance created in order to initiate a try again. 
.PP
This method should be called from within a try/catch block in case there are socket errors. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdccUserInfo\fP A collection of information about the remote user.
.br
\fIlistenIPAddress\fP The IP address of the local machine in dot quad format (e.g. 192.168.0.25). This is the address that will be sent to the remote user. The IP address of the NAT machine must be used if the client is behind a a NAT/Firewall system. 
.br
\fIlistenPort\fP The TCP/IP port to listen on
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.SendMessage (string text)"
.PP
Send a line of text to the remote user. There is no fixed limit to message size but they should not be too long. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP The text. It need not have a newline at the end since one will automatically appended..
.RE
.PP

.SS "override string Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.ToString ()"
.PP
Summary information about this session. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Simple information about this session in human readable format.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBDccUserInfo\fP Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.ClientInfo\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Iinformation about the remote user. A read-only instance of \fBDccUserInfo\fP.
.SS "bool Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.Connected\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
A read-only property indicating whether this session is currently connected to another user. True if the client is connected.
.SH "Event Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ChatMessageReceivedEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.OnChatMessageReceived"
.PP
Text from the remote user was received. 
.SS "ChatRequestTimeoutEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.OnChatRequestTimeout"
.PP
The remote user did not respond to a Chat request within the timeout period. 
.SS "ChatSessionClosedEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.OnChatSessionClosed"
.PP
The chat session has been closed by either participant. 
.SS "ChatSessionOpenedEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccChatSession.OnChatSessionOpened"
.PP
A chat session has been opened. This is called when a session has been opened regardless of who initiated the session. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
