.TH "Alaris::Irc::DccUserInfo" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::DccUserInfo \- 
.PP
This class encapsulates all the information known about a remote user in the context of a DCC session.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBAlaris::Irc::UserInfo\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDccUserInfo\fP (\fBConnection\fP connection, string nick)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate an instance that represents a user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "override string \fBToString\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIA friendly representation of this object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "IPAddress \fBRemoteAddress\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRead only property that returns the IP address of the remote user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBPort\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRead only property that returns the port of the connection to the remote user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "IPEndPoint \fBRemoteEndPoint\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe remote users TCP/IP information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConnection\fP \fBConnection\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe connection representing on which IRC server the remote user can be found. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class encapsulates all the information known about a remote user in the context of a DCC session. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Irc.DccUserInfo.DccUserInfo (\fBConnection\fP connection, string nick)"
.PP
Create an instance that represents a user. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconnection\fP The IRC server connection which the remote user is on.
.br
\fInick\fP The remote user's nick.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override string Alaris.Irc.DccUserInfo.ToString ()"
.PP
A friendly representation of this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The remote's user nick and his IP address, e.g. Nick@192.168.0.23
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAlaris.Irc.UserInfo\fP.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBConnection\fP Alaris.Irc.DccUserInfo.Connection\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The connection representing on which IRC server the remote user can be found. A read-only instance of \fBConnection\fP
.SS "int Alaris.Irc.DccUserInfo.Port\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Read only property that returns the port of the connection to the remote user. This will be a listen port if the remote user was the initiator of the session or else it is simply a client port.
.PP
The port as an integer. Will return -1 if the session has not yet been opened.
.SS "IPAddress Alaris.Irc.DccUserInfo.RemoteAddress\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Read only property that returns the IP address of the remote user. An instance of IPAddress or null if the session has not been opened.
.SS "IPEndPoint Alaris.Irc.DccUserInfo.RemoteEndPoint\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The remote users TCP/IP information. A read-only instance of IPEndPoint

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
