.TH "Alaris.Extras" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris.Extras \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBIrcConstants\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass holding some constant values for IRC. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCrashHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA class providing functions to run specific method in an exception-handled environment. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBConfigFileInvalidException\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIException thrown when an invalid config file is detected. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBHaskellEvaluator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA class which provides methods to compile and run arbitrary Haskell code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMangosRss\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass providing methods for working with MaNGOS rss feeds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBScriptManager\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA script manager for the IRC connections. Loads plugins, manages events etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBUtilities\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass providing useful methods for handling different things. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBWebHelper\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA class which provides useful methods for working with the world-wide web. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBReadConfigDelegate\fP (string configfile)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe delegate used for AlarisBot.ReadConfig \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "delegate void Alaris.Extras.ReadConfigDelegate (string configfile)"
.PP
The delegate used for AlarisBot.ReadConfig 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
