.TH "Alaris::Irc::DccFileInfo" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::DccFileInfo \- 
.PP
Manages the information about the file being transfered.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDccFileInfo\fP (FileInfo fileInfo, long completeFileSize)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new instance using information sent from the remote user in his DCC Send message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDccFileInfo\fP (FileInfo fileInfo)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new instance using the file information from a local file to be sent to a remote user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDccFileInfo\fP (string fileName)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new instance using the file information from a local file to be sent to a remote user. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBFileStartingPosition\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhere to start reading or writing a file. Used during DCC Resume actions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBBytesTransfered\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bytes sent or received so far. This Property is thread safe. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBCompleteFileSize\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe length of the file. This number is either the actual size of a file being sent or the number sent in the DCC SEND request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBDccFileName\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe file's name with all spaces converted to underscores and without the path. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Manages the information about the file being transfered. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.DccFileInfo (FileInfo fileInfo, long completeFileSize)"
.PP
Create a new instance using information sent from the remote user in his DCC Send message. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfileInfo\fP The file being received
.br
\fIcompleteFileSize\fP The size of the file being received as specified in the DCC Send request.
.RE
.PP

.SS "Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.DccFileInfo (FileInfo fileInfo)"
.PP
Create a new instance using the file information from a local file to be sent to a remote user. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfileInfo\fP The local file being sent
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIArgumentException\fP If the file does not already exist.
.RE
.PP

.SS "Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.DccFileInfo (string fileName)"
.PP
Create a new instance using the file information from a local file to be sent to a remote user. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfileName\fP The full pathname of local file being sent
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIArgumentException\fP If the file does not already exist.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "long Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.BytesTransfered\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The number of bytes sent or received so far. This Property is thread safe. A read-only long.
.SS "long Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.CompleteFileSize\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The length of the file. This number is either the actual size of a file being sent or the number sent in the DCC SEND request. A read-only long.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.DccFileName\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The file's name with all spaces converted to underscores and without the path. A read-only string.
.SS "long Alaris.Irc.DccFileInfo.FileStartingPosition\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Where to start reading or writing a file. Used during DCC Resume actions. A read-only long indicating the location within the file.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
