.TH "Alaris::MangosRssPlugin::AlarisPlugin" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::MangosRssPlugin::AlarisPlugin \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBAlaris::Core::IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAlarisPlugin\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new instance of MangosRss. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInitialize\fP (ref \fBConnection\fP con)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInitialize\fP (ref \fBConnection\fP con, ref List< string > chans)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStart\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStarts the timer and all of the process. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStops everything. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnUnload\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnLoad\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnRegistered\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnPublicMessage\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP user, string chan, string msg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMangosUpdate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRuns the periodic MaNGOS RSS update. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBGetName\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBLatest\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe latest hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBLatestTitle\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILatest title. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.AlarisPlugin ()"
.PP
Creates a new instance of MangosRss. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconn\fP The IRC connection. 
.br
\fIchannels\fP The channels the bot is on. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.GetName ()"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.Initialize (ref \fBConnection\fP con, ref List< string > chans)"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.Initialize (ref \fBConnection\fP con)"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.MangosUpdate ()"
.PP
Runs the periodic MaNGOS RSS update. 
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.OnLoad ()"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.OnPublicMessage (\fBUserInfo\fP user, string chan, string msg)"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.OnRegistered ()"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.OnUnload ()"
.PP
Implements \fBAlaris.Core.IAlarisBasic\fP.
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.Start ()"
.PP
Starts the timer and all of the process. 
.SS "void Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.Stop ()"
.PP
Stops everything. 
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.Latest\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The latest hash. 
.SS "string Alaris.MangosRssPlugin.AlarisPlugin.LatestTitle\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Latest title. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
