.TH "Alaris::Extras::IrcConstants" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Extras::IrcConstants \- 
.PP
Class holding some constant values for IRC.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBBlack\fP = '\\u000301'"
.br
.RI "\fIBlack irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBBlue\fP = '\\u000312'"
.br
.RI "\fIBlie irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBBold\fP = '\\u0002'"
.br
.RI "\fIBold irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBBrown\fP = '\\u000305'"
.br
.RI "\fIBrown irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBCyan\fP = '\\u000311'"
.br
.RI "\fICyan irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBDarkBlue\fP = '\\u000302'"
.br
.RI "\fIDark blue irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBDarkGray\fP = '\\u000314'"
.br
.RI "\fIDark gray irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBDarkGreen\fP = '\\u000303'"
.br
.RI "\fIDark green irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBGreen\fP = '\\u000309'"
.br
.RI "\fIGreen irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBLightGray\fP = '\\u000315'"
.br
.RI "\fILight gray irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBMagenta\fP = '\\u000313'"
.br
.RI "\fIMagenta irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBNormal\fP = '\\u000f'"
.br
.RI "\fINormal irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBOlive\fP = '\\u000307'"
.br
.RI "\fIOlive irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBPurple\fP = '\\u000306'"
.br
.RI "\fIPurple irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBRed\fP = '\\u000304'"
.br
.RI "\fIRed irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBReverse\fP = '\\u0016'"
.br
.RI "\fIReversed irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBTeal\fP = '\\u000310'"
.br
.RI "\fITeal irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBUnderline\fP = '\\u001f'"
.br
.RI "\fIUnderlined irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBWhite\fP = '\\u000300'"
.br
.RI "\fIWhite irc color. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBYellow\fP = '\\u000308'"
.br
.RI "\fIYellow irc color. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class holding some constant values for IRC. 


.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Black\fP = '\\u000301'"
.PP
Black irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Blue\fP = '\\u000312'"
.PP
Blie irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Bold\fP = '\\u0002'"
.PP
Bold irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Brown\fP = '\\u000305'"
.PP
Brown irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Cyan\fP = '\\u000311'"
.PP
Cyan irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.DarkBlue\fP = '\\u000302'"
.PP
Dark blue irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.DarkGray\fP = '\\u000314'"
.PP
Dark gray irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.DarkGreen\fP = '\\u000303'"
.PP
Dark green irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Green\fP = '\\u000309'"
.PP
Green irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.LightGray\fP = '\\u000315'"
.PP
Light gray irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Magenta\fP = '\\u000313'"
.PP
Magenta irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Normal\fP = '\\u000f'"
.PP
Normal irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Olive\fP = '\\u000307'"
.PP
Olive irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Purple\fP = '\\u000306'"
.PP
Purple irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Red\fP = '\\u000304'"
.PP
Red irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Reverse\fP = '\\u0016'"
.PP
Reversed irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Teal\fP = '\\u000310'"
.PP
Teal irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Underline\fP = '\\u001f'"
.PP
Underlined irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.White\fP = '\\u000300'"
.PP
White irc color. 
.SS "const string \fBAlaris.Extras.IrcConstants.Yellow\fP = '\\u000308'"
.PP
Yellow irc color. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
