.TH "Alaris::Irc::DccListener" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::DccListener \- 
.PP
\fBDccListener\fP listens for incoming DCC requests on any \fBConnection\fP in which DCC is enabled. This class follows the singleton pattern and there so there is only a single instance which listens to all connections.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBIsDccRequest\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fITest if the message contains a DCC request. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBDccListener\fP \fBDefaultInstance\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the singleton instance. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DccChatRequestEventHandler \fBOnDccChatRequest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA user from any \fBConnection\fP has sent a request to open a DCC chat session. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DccSendRequestEventHandler \fBOnDccSendRequest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA remote user has sent a request to send a file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DccGetRequestEventHandler \fBOnDccGetRequest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA remote user requests that he be sent a file. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBDccListener\fP listens for incoming DCC requests on any \fBConnection\fP in which DCC is enabled. This class follows the singleton pattern and there so there is only a single instance which listens to all connections. 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static bool Alaris.Irc.DccListener.IsDccRequest (string message)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Test if the message contains a DCC request. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImessage\fP The raw message from the IRC server
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if this is a DCC request.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBDccListener\fP Alaris.Irc.DccListener.DefaultInstance\fC [static, get]\fP"
.PP
Gets the singleton instance. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The instance of \fBDccListener\fP
.RE
.PP

.SH "Event Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DccChatRequestEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccListener.OnDccChatRequest"
.PP
A user from any \fBConnection\fP has sent a request to open a DCC chat session. 
.SS "DccGetRequestEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccListener.OnDccGetRequest"
.PP
A remote user requests that he be sent a file. 
.SS "DccSendRequestEventHandler Alaris.Irc.DccListener.OnDccSendRequest"
.PP
A remote user has sent a request to send a file. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
