.TH "Alaris::Irc::ConnectionArgs" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::ConnectionArgs \- 
.PP
A collection of parameters necessary to establish an IRC connection.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConnectionArgs\fP (string name, string hostname)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new instance initialized with the default values: TCP/IP port 6667, no server password, and user mode invisible. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBHostname\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe IRC server hostname. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBModeMask\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISet's the user's initial IRC mode mask. Set to 0 to recieve wallops and be invisible. Set to 4 to be invisible and not receive wallops. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBNick\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe user's nick name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBPort\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe TCP/IP port the IRC listens server listens on. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBRealName\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe user's 'real' name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBUserName\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe user's machine logon name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBServerPassword\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe password for this server. These are seldomly used. Set to '*'. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A collection of parameters necessary to establish an IRC connection. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.ConnectionArgs (string name, string hostname)"
.PP
Create a new instance initialized with the default values: TCP/IP port 6667, no server password, and user mode invisible. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The nick, user name, and real name are all set to this value.
.br
\fIhostname\fP The hostname of the IRC server.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.Hostname\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The IRC server hostname. The full hostname such as irc.gamesnet.net
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.ModeMask\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
Set's the user's initial IRC mode mask. Set to 0 to recieve wallops and be invisible. Set to 4 to be invisible and not receive wallops. A number mask such as 0 or 4.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.Nick\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The user's nick name. A string which conforms to the IRC nick standard.
.SS "int Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.Port\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The TCP/IP port the IRC listens server listens on. Normally should be set to 6667. 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.RealName\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The user's 'real' name. A short string with any legal characters.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.ServerPassword\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The password for this server. These are seldomly used. Set to '*'. A short string with any legal characters.
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ConnectionArgs.UserName\fC [get, set]\fP"
.PP
The user's machine logon name. A short string with any legal characters.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
