.TH "Alaris::Irc::UserInfo" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::UserInfo \- 
.PP
A convenient holder of user information. Instances of this class are created internally.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBAlaris.Irc.DccUserInfo\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP (string nick, string name, string host)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new \fBUserInfo\fP and set all its values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "override string \fBToString\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIA string representation of this object which shows all its values. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBNick\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn IRC user's nick name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBUser\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn IRC user's system username. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBHostname\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe hostname of the IRC user's machine. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBUserInfo\fP \fBEmpty\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA singleton blank instance of \fBUserInfo\fP used when an instance is required by a method signature but no infomation is available, e.g. the last reply from a Who request. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A convenient holder of user information. Instances of this class are created internally. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Irc.UserInfo.UserInfo (string nick, string name, string host)"
.PP
Create a new \fBUserInfo\fP and set all its values. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override string Alaris.Irc.UserInfo.ToString ()"
.PP
A string representation of this object which shows all its values. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBAlaris.Irc.DccUserInfo\fP.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBUserInfo\fP Alaris.Irc.UserInfo.Empty\fC [static, get]\fP"
.PP
A singleton blank instance of \fBUserInfo\fP used when an instance is required by a method signature but no infomation is available, e.g. the last reply from a Who request. 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.UserInfo.Hostname\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The hostname of the IRC user's machine. 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.UserInfo.Nick\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
An IRC user's nick name. 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.UserInfo.User\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
An IRC user's system username. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
