.TH "Alaris::Irc::ServerProperties" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Irc::ServerProperties \- 
.PP
Encapsulates the collection of properties sent by the IRC server after registration.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "IDictionaryEnumerator \fBGetEnumerator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a read-only enumeration of all the elements in this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBContainsKey\fP (string key)"
.br
.RI "\fITest if this instance contains a given key. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBthis\fP [string key]\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRead-only indexer for the various server property strings. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Encapsulates the collection of properties sent by the IRC server after registration. 

See the server_properties.pdf file for a list of comon properties. 
.PP
.nf
This will only be non null if the connection has already received
a '005' reply and that such a reply is actually sent by the server.
This will happen right after registration.
Instances are only retrieved from a Connection and not instantiated directly.
            ServerProperties properties = connection.ServerProperties;
It should always be tested for null
            if( properties != null ) {
            Console.Writeline('NICKLEN is' + properties['NICKLEN'] );
            }
Only a handful of properties will ever be available.

.fi
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Alaris.Irc.ServerProperties.ContainsKey (string key)"
.PP
Test if this instance contains a given key. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIkey\fP The server properties key to test.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if it is present.
.RE
.PP

.SS "IDictionaryEnumerator Alaris.Irc.ServerProperties.GetEnumerator ()"
.PP
Get a read-only enumeration of all the elements in this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An IDictionaryEnumerator type enumeration.
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
To loop over all the values  
                    foreach( DictionaryEntry entry in connection.ServerProperties ) 
                    {
                    Console.WriteLine('Key:' + entry.Key + ' Value:' + entry.Value );
                    }
.fi
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string Alaris.Irc.ServerProperties.this[string key]\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Read-only indexer for the various server property strings. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The string sent by the server or String.Empty if not present..
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
