.TH "Alaris::Core::AlarisBot" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Alaris::Core::AlarisBot \- 
.PP
The main class for \fBAlaris\fP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAlarisBot\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new instacne of \fBAlaris\fP bot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCrashHandler\fP \fBGetCrashHandler\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the class' current crash handler. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadConfig\fP (string configfile)"
.br
.RI "\fIReads and parses the specified config file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBConnect\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIEstablishes the connection to the previously specified server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDisconnect\fP (string rsr)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnects the bot from the IRC server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSendMsg\fP (string channel, string message)"
.br
.RI "\fISends the given message to the specified channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnPublicMessage\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP user, string chan, string msg)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method called when a public message occurs in one of the channels the bot is on. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnRegistered\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod run when the bot is registered to the IRC server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnCtcpRequest\fP (string command, \fBUserInfo\fP user)"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod run when the bot receives a CTCP request. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The main class for \fBAlaris\fP. 


.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.AlarisBot ()"
.PP
Creates a new instacne of \fBAlaris\fP bot. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.Connect ()"
.PP
Establishes the connection to the previously specified server. 
.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.Disconnect (string rsr)"
.PP
Disconnects the bot from the IRC server. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrsr\fP Reason for disconnect. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBCrashHandler\fP Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.GetCrashHandler ()"
.PP
Gets the class' current crash handler. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The crash handler. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.OnCtcpRequest (string command, \fBUserInfo\fP user)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Method run when the bot receives a CTCP request. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcommand\fP The CTCP command. 
.br
\fIuser\fP Data about the user who sent it. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.OnPublicMessage (\fBUserInfo\fP user, string chan, string msg)"
.PP
The method called when a public message occurs in one of the channels the bot is on. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIuser\fP The data about the user who sent the message. 
.br
\fIchan\fP The channel where the message occured. 
.br
\fImsg\fP The message that was sent. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.OnRegistered ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Method run when the bot is registered to the IRC server. 
.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.ReadConfig (string configfile)"
.PP
Reads and parses the specified config file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconfigfile\fP The config file name. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Alaris.Core.AlarisBot.SendMsg (string channel, string message)"
.PP
Sends the given message to the specified channel. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchannel\fP A System.String 
.br
\fImessage\fP A System.String 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
