.TH "irc/Delegates.cs" 3 "25 May 2010" "Version 1.6" "Alaris IRC Bot" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
irc/Delegates.cs \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Packages"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "package \fBAlaris.Irc\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ReplyEventHandler\fP (ReplyCode code, string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIMessages that are not handled by other events and are not errors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ErrorMessageEventHandler\fP (ReplyCode code, string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIError messages from the IRC server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.AwayEventHandler\fP (string nick, string awayMessage)"
.br
.RI "\fIA Notice or Private message was sent to someone whose status is away. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.InviteSentEventHandler\fP (string nick, string channel)"
.br
.RI "\fIAn Invite message was successfully sent to another user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.NickErrorEventHandler\fP (string badNick, string reason)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when a nick change fails. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PingEventHandler\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when a server sends a keep-alive Ping. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.RegisteredEventHandler\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBConnection\fP with IRC server is open and registered. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.DisconnectingEventHandler\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis connection is about to be closed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.DisconnectedEventHandler\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis connection has been closed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PublicNoticeEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string notice)"
.br
.RI "\fIA Notice type message was sent to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PrivateNoticeEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string notice)"
.br
.RI "\fIA private Notice type message was sent to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.JoinEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has joined a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ActionEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string description)"
.br
.RI "\fIAn action message was sent to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PrivateActionEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string description)"
.br
.RI "\fIA private action message was sent to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PublicMessageEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIA public message was sent to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.NickEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string newNick)"
.br
.RI "\fIA user changed his nickname. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PrivateMessageEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIA private message was sent to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.TopicEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string newTopic)"
.br
.RI "\fIA channel's topic has changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.TopicRequestEventHandler\fP (string channel, string topic)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.RequestTopic\fP command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.PartEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string reason)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has left a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.QuitEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string reason)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has quit IRC. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.InviteEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe user has been invited to a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.KickEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string kickee, string reason)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has been kicked from a channel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.NamesEventHandler\fP (string channel, string[] nicks, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Names\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ListEventHandler\fP (string channel, int visibleNickCount, string topic, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.List\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.IsonEventHandler\fP (string nicks)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Ison\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.WhoEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string channel, string ircServer, string mask, int hopCount, string realName, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Who\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.WhoisEventHandler\fP (WhoisInfo whoisInfo)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Whois\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.WhowasEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string realName, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Whowas\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.UserModeChangeEventHandler\fP (ModeAction action, UserMode mode)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis user's mode has changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.UserModeRequestEventHandler\fP (UserMode[] modes)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.RequestUserModes\fP command for this user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChannelModeRequestEventHandler\fP (string channel, ChannelModeInfo[] modes)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.RequestChannelModes\fP command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChannelModeChangeEventHandler\fP (UserInfo who, string channel, ChannelModeInfo[] modes)"
.br
.RI "\fIA channel's mode has changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChannelListEventHandler\fP (string channel, ChannelMode mode, string item, UserInfo who, long whenSet, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIResponse to a \fBSender.RequestChannelList\fP command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.CtcpReplyEventHandler\fP (string command, UserInfo who, string reply)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has replied to a Ctcp request sent by this client. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.CtcpRequestEventHandler\fP (string command, UserInfo who)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has sent a Ctcp request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.CtcpPingReplyEventHandler\fP (UserInfo who, string timestamp)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has replied to a Ctcp ping request sent by this client. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.CtcpPingRequestEventHandler\fP (UserInfo who, string timestamp)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has sent a Ctcp Ping request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.DccChatRequestEventHandler\fP (DccUserInfo dccUserInfo)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone has requested a DCC chat session. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChatSessionOpenedEventHandler\fP (DccChatSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fIA DCC chat session has been opened with a remote user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChatSessionClosedEventHandler\fP (DccChatSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fIA DCC chat session has been closed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChatMessageReceivedEventHandler\fP (DccChatSession session, string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIA DCC chat message was received from the remote user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.ChatRequestTimeoutEventHandler\fP (DccChatSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fIWhen trying to initiate a DCC chat request the remote user did not respond within the alotted time. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.DccSendRequestEventHandler\fP (DccUserInfo dccUserInfo, string fileName, int size, bool turbo)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnother user has offered to send a file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.FileTransferTimeoutEventHandler\fP (DccFileSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fIThere has been no activity in this session for the timeout period. The session is automatically closed and this event is raised. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.FileTransferStartedEventHandler\fP (DccFileSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe file transfer connection has been successfully opened and the data transfer has begun. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.FileTransferInterruptedEventHandler\fP (DccFileSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fISomething happened to stop the transfer before it was completed. Normally this will be due to one of the sides canceling the transfer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.FileTransferCompletedEventHandler\fP (DccFileSession session)"
.br
.RI "\fIA file was succefully transfered. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.FileTransferProgressEventHandler\fP (DccFileSession session, int bytesSent)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled for each successful data block transfer. This allows the developer to show a transfer progress display of some kind. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.DccGetRequestEventHandler\fP (DccUserInfo dccUserInfo, string fileName, bool turbo)"
.br
.RI "\fIA remote user has requested a file. To respond use \fBDccFileSession.Send\fP with the relevant information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.RawMessageReceivedEventHandler\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe full unparsed text messages received from the IRC server. It includes all messages received except for those exchanged during a DCC chat. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.RawMessageSentEventHandler\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe full unparsed text messages sent to the IRC server. It includes all messages sent except for those exchanged during a DCC chat. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.VersionEventHandler\fP (string versionInfo)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Version\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.MotdEventHandler\fP (string message, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe server's 'Message of the Day' if any. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.TimeEventHandler\fP (string time)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Time\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.InfoEventHandler\fP (string message, bool last)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to an \fBSender.Info\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.AdminEventHandler\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to an \fBSender.Admin\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.LusersEventHandler\fP (string message)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Lusers\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.LinksEventHandler\fP (string mask, string hostname, int hopCount, string serverInfo, bool done)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Links\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.StatsEventHandler\fP (StatsQuery queryType, string message, bool done)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe response to a \fBSender.Stats\fP request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "delegate void \fBAlaris::Irc.KillEventHandler\fP (UserInfo user, string nick, string reason)"
.br
.RI "\fISomeone was disconnected from the server via a Kill. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Alaris IRC Bot from the source code.
